**Corene** began her IT recruiting career in 1997 with Hall Kinion and Associates, an international IT staffing company. In her five years with Hall Kinion, she achieved President’s Club status and then was promoted into management. Under her leadership, Corene’s team was awarded “Start-Up Team of the Year” for achieving the most revenue generated in the first year of operation. From there she moved to Ajilon Finance and focused on placing senior level Accounting and Finance professionals. Corene was promoted to team lead and assisted in hiring, training and managing the team of executive recruiters.

After leaving Ajilon, Corene joined Channelinsight, a Denver-based software company, as their corporate recruiter. Supporting executives as an internal recruiter was an invaluable opportunity to experience the process and challenges a company has while trying to fill numerous positions with limited resources. Corene recruited and hired over 20 people each year crossing all skill-sets within the organization while helping to create a successful onboarding experience for each new hire. Having the opportunity to watch individuals who she helped recruit learn, grow and advance within the organization is one the most rewarding aspects of her recruiting career.

Most recently, Corene was with The Ash Group, a talent acquisition company focused on technology and business operations.  She contributed greatly to the growth of the team by filling a high volume of both contract and permanent positions.

On a personal note, family and friends are her greatest joys.  She enjoys exercising and has completed various running events and triathlons. She has a competitive spirit which has helped her achieve career goals and keeps her focused when approaching new challenges.  Corene is a Colorado native and gained her BS in Kinesiology from the University of Colorado. 
